DOCSP-32154: collStats deprecation (#431)
mongodb/docs-java: source/whats-new.txt

Upcoming Breaking Changes
-------------------------

- The ``getStats()`` and ``isCapped()`` instance methods of the
  ``DBCollection`` class are deprecated. The corresponding server commands are

>   deprecated in MongoDB v6.2 and later. To learn how to retrieve this

Reviewer: S: improve clarity 
```suggestion
  deprecated in MongoDB Server version 6.2 and later. To learn how to retrieve this
```

Reviewer: same for the sentence in what's new

Author: Thanks for raising this. A couple years ago, our team discussed representing MongoDB server and versions in this format, but it hasn't been closely followed. This is currently consistent with the other Upcoming Breaking Changes item and most of the "What's New" entries in the Java docs, so I think it might be better to leave for now.

I purposely haven't commented on instances in which you've represented it as the suggested version since I don't think it's necessary or high value to propagate to all driver documentation, but rather to stay consistent within a docs set.

Upcoming Breaking Changes
-------------------------

.. Relocate these items into the source/upgrade.txt page once they become breaking changes

The following changes affect future versions of the driver:

- The ``getStats()`` and ``isCapped()`` instance methods of the
  ``DBCollection`` class are deprecated in v4.11. The corresponding server
  commands are deprecated in MongoDB v6.2 and later. Use the ``$collStats`` aggregation
  pipeline stage to retrieve the information provided by these methods
  instead. You can run the aggregation as shown in the following code example:

  .. code-block:: java

>      collection.aggregate(Arrays.asList(

Reviewer 2: Just checking whether you tested this, since I have not.

Author: Yes, I tested it. I posted valid code from which I extracted this snippet in our Slack channel when asking whether there was a more idiomatic way to get that data.

.. note:: Upgraded Netty Version

   The {+driver-short+} now tests with version 4.1.87.Final of the
   ``io.netty:netty-all`` package. This change affects you only if you use the
   ``SslContext`` class that Netty provides.

New features of the 4.11 driver release include:

> - The ``getStats()`` and ``isCapped()`` instance methods of the

Reviewer 2: It is odd to present this as a new feature.  Let's consolidate all this information in the Upcoming Breaking Changes section, so that it's easy to find for future upgraders.

  ``DBCollection`` class are deprecated. The corresponding server commands are
  deprecated in MongoDB v6.2 and later. Use the ``$collStats`` aggregation
  pipeline stage to retrieve the information provided by these methods
  instead. You can run the aggregation as shown in the following code example:

  .. code-block:: java

     collection.aggregate(Arrays.asList(
                      new Document("$collStats",
                          new Document("storageStats", new Document()))));

  To determine whether the collection is a capped collection, access the value
  of the ``storageStats.capped`` field returned by this example aggregation.

  To learn more about the ``$collStats`` aggregation operator, see the

>   :manual:`$collStats (aggregation) </reference/operator/aggregation/collStats/>`
>   Server documentation.

Reviewer: S; follow convention
```suggestion
  :manual:`$collStats (aggregation) </reference/operator/aggregation/collStats/>`
  documentation in the Server manual.
```
